Adrian, there's something I need to tell you.
What is that?
Come on, Molly. If you care about him, you have to be honest with him.
You have to tell him about marrying him because he was Connor's uncle.
I lied to you.
What do you mean?
I married you for different reasons.
Okay, well, the reasons. It's okay. It doesn't matter.
I mean, I married you for different reasons too, right?
How will we just let polygons be polygons?
I don't care why you married me.
Let's just be in the present.
What are you doing this weekend?
I have a meeting with a new client.
Nothing else. What do you ask?
Well, it's Matt's grandfather's 80th birthday.
And I was wondering if you'd be my plus one.
Well, it depends. How would you introduce me to your family and friends?